Each package template should have own `README.md` based on what commands can be execute in it. (#179)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-package-generator: packages/ckeditor5-package-generator/lib/templates/js-legacy/README.md

### `translations:download`

Download translations from the Transifex server. Depending on users' activity in the project, it creates translation files used for building the editor.

The task requires passing the URL to Transifex API. Usually, it matches the following format: `https://www.transifex.com/api/2/project/[PROJECT_SLUG]`.

> To avoid passing the `--transifex` option every time when you call the command, you can store it in `package.json`, next to the `ckeditor5-package-tools translations:download` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid passing the `--transifex` option whenever you call the command, you can store it in `package.json`, next to the `ckeditor5-package-tools translations:download` command.
```
